8 Jan 2017
    Apparently you need "span" and "centred" classes in your element (within each row)
    for the centering to work

9 Jan 2017
    What am I? some sort of idiot? (yea), well, I just needed a custom .centred class.
    I'm sorry CSS gods, I guess I haven't sacrificed enough divs.

10 Jan 2017
    Fancy menu thing that slides up and asks you if you want to confirm your poor choice.
    Bit buggy, if it stops working, just spam click it a bit. 

11 Jan 2017
    const rect = e.target.getBoundingClientRect();
    const offsetX = e.clientX - rect.left;
    const offsetY = e.clientY - rect.top;
    console.log(offsetX + ", " + offsetY);
    If you ever want to get the element-relative coords of your click event.
    There's now a debug logger to the renderer screen, in case you want to let your
    people know that you're a terrible "programmer"
    
12 Jan 2017
    trying to make the intro screen. Also trying to fix up the "sanitize string" function.
    I'm liking these animations. it hides the fact that I'm a bad "programmer"
    Use media queries for the main screen's styling. 
    http://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css3_pr_mediaquery.asp
    
13 Jan 2017
    n..nothing

14 Jan 2017
    mucking around with peerjs and its server counterpart

16 Jan 2017
    use stun and turn servers, 
    https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/peerjs/JzIr7INoTbQ/IIykVNHiv_sJ

25 Jan 2017
    peerjs moved to simple-peer. I'm a simple man. Go away.
    don't know if the electron version of chrome also forbids webrtc from non-ssl pages.
    if it does forbid, I might need to use the node implementation of wrtc...

26 Jan 2017
    if I want to add twitter support, try using PIN authentication, instead of OAuth,
    as OAuth needs a callback URL, which I'm too poor to afford.
    https://dev.twitter.com/oauth/pin-based
    gonna use WRTC from the browser instead of the 3rd party node implementation
    it's a bit slow in making the session desc, don't know why.
    sdp reduction done by https://github.com/fippo/minimal-webrtc
    you can also close prompts now, like a real conformist.

27 Jan 2017
    the sdp reducer was giving a bit of troubles (or I'm just bad at using it),
    so for now it's just pure stringy signal data
    OOH YES. You don't need to serve your page over https to use wrtc in electron.

28 Jan 2017
    twit, passport and passport-twitter dependencies now.
    
29 Jan 2017
    screw passport, going to try something else.
    
30 Jan 2017
    oauth works lol, followed 
    http://stackoverflow.com/questions/12873463/how-to-send-the-oauth-request-in-node
    now i just need to know how to store the consumer keys. shite.
    so - there isn't any way of fully obfuscating it. just making it tougher for the end 
    user to easily get. if anyone's motivated enough to get it from the eventual packaged 
    source, congrats.
    
31 Jan 2017
    meh, some stuff, oh yea, and if you try to get an access key with a request token that
    hasn't been authorised yet, it'll invalidate it and make it all messed up. jic
    
1 Feb 2017
    hey look its february, hell yea
    aw yes, signing in works lol, also fixed the prompt not disappearing when submitting
    a popup menu that looks pretty clean
    also, media queries
    by the way, outerHTML will get the element's html as a string too!
    font awesome addition, gotta say, it's pretty awesome
    
2 Feb 2017
    a pretty slick navigation bar (that's its official name, TIL) also,
    TODO: please, for the love of god, don't do file I/O operations in your browser
    page. If you accidentally clear the document, you're beyond screwed. Load up all needed
    stuff in the main process first.

3 Feb 2017
    TODO: make the "submit" and "cancel" buttons; uh, actual button elements, not divs.
    